Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[wind whooshing]
[blowing]
[alarm beeping. switches off]
[tent flap unzips]
[groans softly]
[wind whistling]
[dramatic music building]
[woman] Come on. the sun is out.
It's perfect.
Come on. let's go.
- Can you get up. please. please. babe?
- [man] Mm. okay.
[moaning] Oh. babe. your breath.
You love it.
[woman chuckles]
- Wake up.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Hm.
- Go away.
- Let's go. Yeah.
- Leave me alone.
- Let's get going. come on.
- [dramatic music continues]
- [wind whistling]
[groans happily]
[laughs]
- [grunts]
- Hey! Easy now.
[wind whooshes]
[woman] Come on. old man. You got this.
[exhales heavily]
[howls]
[howl echoing]
[man] Damn. it's getting cold.
[woman] That's just your Aussie ass.
[man laughs]
- You ready to get to the top?
- Not yet. baby.
Let's go. [blows softly]
- [man] Yeah! You got it.
- [woman grunts]
[grunts]
[groans]
[man] No rush.
[yells]
[tense music playing]
You're all good.
It's the same goddamn spot every time.
Gonna be here forever.
How can I help you?
[woman panting]
I'm good.
I got this. I can… [breathing heavily]
I can do this.
[man] Just take your time.
[exhales sharply]
[wind whistling]
[grunts]
[breathes deeply]
- [man] Nice.
- [yells]
[yells in frustration]
[tense. percussive music playing]
[sighs]
What?
I reckon we should call it a day.
It's the final pitch. Tommy.
[grunts]
[yells]
[music fades]
It'll still be there
in the morning. I promise.
[thunder rumbles]
Plus. there's a bit of shit weather
coming in. Have a look.
[woman] Just give me one more try.
We can both hit the top
and make tent well within an hour.
I know we can do that.
I want to summit today.
- [Tommy] That is exactly why--
- No. I want to summit today.
That's exactly why
you have a climbing partner.
so that someone can make the call
when one of you loses the plot.
- So I'm making a call. Okay?
- [sighs]
Sash. it's all good.
It was beautiful climbing.
up until where you… [chuckles]
Right until when it wasn't.
[wind whistling]
Just wondering whether we should
take a rain check tomorrow. that's all.
Are you kidding me?
It's just a little weather.
What's… What's going on?
[Tommy] No. just…
I just feel like sometimes
you rush it a little bit. that's all.
[tent flapping loudly]
Anything else?
[sighs] I don't know how many more
of these trips I've got left in me.
Look. don't get me wrong.
I love this. I love us. I love you.
Stop it. You do this every time.
You know. the climb gets tough.
and then all of a sudden.
you start talking like this.
No. I'm just talking about
slowing it down a bit.
not doing so many extreme things.
[softly] Oh my God.
[Tommy] There's an old saying.
Luck is like anything else
you take up the mountain.
Eventually. it's gonna run out.
You serious?
You're gonna tell me your luck
has run out halfway up a mountain?
If my lucky compass is saying I should--
[Sasha] Oh my God.
Just stop with that fucking compass.
[Tommy] I'm sorry. Sash.
I'm just being a bit of a sook.
Come here.
[Tommy groans]
Where does it hurt?
[Tommy] Yeah. right there.
- Right here?
- [Tommy] Yeah.
[Tommy groans] Jesus.
[Sasha] Promise me we'll be back
after the storm's passed.
We'll get going first thing. okay?
I promise not to sleep in.
- Is that a date?
- [Tommy chuckles]
[wind howling]
[rumbling crash]
[loud thudding]
- [foreboding music playing]
- [rubble clattering]
- [Tommy] Get into the wall!
- [Sasha] Okay. okay. okay.
[Tommy] Keep your head down.
[rubble skidding]
Okay. I want us to go down a little bit.
It's a bit safer there
at that ledge. okay?
[Sasha] Okay.
- [Tommy] You all right?
- [Sasha] Yeah.
You can go faster if you want.
- Oh yeah?
- [Tommy] Yeah.
Now you want me to go faster?
- Yeah.
- [Sasha] All right.
[rope whirring]
[Tommy] You safe?
[both groan]
God.
[foreboding music intensifies]
[Tommy] Are you okay?
Tommy! Get down here!
Did you tie a knot for this rap?
Yeah!
[Sasha] Oh shit! Tommy. wait!
- Just give me a sec.
- [crash]
- [Tommy groans. screams]
- [Sasha] Tommy!
No!
Shit. [breathing heavily]
Tommy!
[panting]
- [metal scrapes]
- [Sasha exclaims] Tommy. wake up!
You're dragging us off the mountain!
[rope creaking]
[groans]
I can't hold it any longer!
[whimpers]
[ominous music pulsating]
[Sasha screams]
[body thuds]
- [music fades]
- [breathing raggedly]
- [metal skids]
- [Sasha screams]
[exhales] Oh!
[ethereal music playing]
[groaning]
[cries out]
[panting]
[music fades]
["Boogie Street" by Leonard Cohen
playing on stereo]
["Boogie Street" continues]
♪ And I'm back on Boogie Street ♪
[brakes squeak]
♪ A cigarette ♪
♪ And then it's time to go ♪
♪ I tidied up the kitchenette ♪
♪ I tuned the old banjo ♪
♪ I'm wanted at the traffic jam ♪
♪ They're saving me a seat ♪
♪ I'm what I am ♪
♪ And what I am
Is back on Boogie Street ♪
- [song stops]
- [insects chirping]
[creature calling in distance]
[pensive music playing]
[Tommy] It's just these climbs. man.
the big tough ones. It's just…
Takes a lot of ego. you know?
If you're nice.
I'll share some of my ego with you.
[sighs]
- [music fades]
- [TV playing indistinctly]
[door closes]
- Hey.
- G'day.
You going out alone?
I wouldn't recommend it.
People get lost in these woods
all the time.
And here. they stay lost.
Can you sign in for us?
Just so we know where you're going.
[pen scratching]
[dog barking]
[man 1] Tough luck. Tough luck.
That's yours.
[man 2] That's the good stuff.
That's the good shit. there.
- Is that packed on?
- For you. it's quite packed on.
- Here you go.
- All right. thank you.
Take it easy.
Hello.
Hey.
[laughs softly]
You got everything you need?
- [man 3] Hey.
- [cashier] Look out. Here's trouble.
How's it going. Mel? Ready for some more?
Oh. yeah. It's selling like hotcakes.
Oh.
- Have you tried it?
- Get real. I wouldn't feed that to my dog.
Well. I think your dog's missing out.
[man 1] Excuse me.
Thank you.
Don't you say "excuse me"
where you come from?
Did you not hear me? I said thank you.
[man 2] Where are you heading?
We could be your guides.
We know the place real well.
- I'm okay.
- We're just trying to be nice.
I think she's okay. fellas.
Looks like she got everything she needs.
[exhales loudly]
- [door opening]
- [bell dinging]
Full tank on six.
I'm sorry about that.
I just thought
I should probably have a bit of a word.
Yeah. you didn't need to. It's okay.
Oh. okay.
No worries.
Thanks. Mel. I'll be back in a tick.
I'm just gonna bring the car around.
[Mel] Yeah. Sixty.
Ta.
Can you add this?
[engine idling]
[chatter on radio]
Hi. hello?
Hi. Um. can you…?
- [switches radio off]
- Hey.
I'm trying to get to Grand Isle Narrows.
- Yeah?
- My GPS is out. Yeah.
- You here for the canyon?
- [Sasha] Yeah.
Yeah.
You want the easy way or the hard way?
Just… the best way.
- Okay. So. this is us.
- [Sasha] Mm-hm.
[man] You make this left.
then it's a bit of a dog leg.
then a straight 50Ks.
Okay. that's easy.
[man] Sorry. can I give you my advice?
Completely different.
[chuckles]
Start at Blackstone Bay.
Here.
- You go about nine Ks.
- [Sasha] Mm-hm.
Just before you get to the split break.
you'll find the most amazing camping area.
[Sasha] Okay.
It's a bit of a well-kept secret.
right by the shore.
- Oh. thanks.
- [man] You think you can handle that?
Yeah. I think I can handle it.
- [man] Okay.
- Okay.
You're gonna love it.
The water's unbelievable.
- Okay. great. I really appreciate it.
- [engine starts]
Okay. Just one more thing to think about.
You know… I hope you know what
you're doing. 'cause it can get intense.
- Intense. I know. It's okay.
- [man] Pretty gnarly.
Most people do it in pairs.
[raises window]
- I'm gonna go.
- Oh. okay.
I wasn't suggesting that you and I do--
[slow. dramatic music plays]
[night chirping]
- [vehicle approaching]
- [music playing faintly on stereo]
[dogs barking]
[heavy metal music blaring]
[quietly] Fuck.
[music stops]
[man 1] That's her again.
Do you want a beer. love?
[sinister music playing]
[rifles cock and uncock]
I think she wants to be alone.
[man 2] You string up the little one.
- [dog barks. growls loudly]
- [Sasha] Oh…
[man 2 laughs]
Oi! Hey. easy.
- [man 1] She's trying to get out.
- [man 2] Sorry. no backing out now. love.
I'm talking to you.
[sinister music continues]
[door locks]
[knocking on window]
We're just trying to be nice.
[door handle rattles]
Okay.
[sinister music continues]
- [men laughing]
- [man 1] You're missin' the best bits.
That's what happens
if you stay in the car all day.
- Look at this beautiful thing.
- [man 3] Right.
[man 2] Okay. let's go.
Diesel. Ripper. get in the truck.
[truck doors close]
[trucks drive off]
- [music fades]
- [birds chirping]
[tranquil music playing]
[music turns thrilling]
[Sasha] Ooh!
[grunts]
[yelps]
[music slows]
[grunts]
[creaks softly]
[somber music playing]
[somber music intensifies]
- [insects chirping]
- [creatures calling]
[music fades]
[pensive music playing]
- [loud screech]
- [wings flapping]
[twig snaps]
[ominous music playing]
[soft rustling]
[softly] What?
What the fuck?
Where's my bag?
Fuck.
- [hisses]
- [Sasha gasps]
Fuck! Fuck!
[exhales]
[breathing heavily]
[hisses]
[mysterious music playing]
- [twig snaps]
- [wings flapping]
[music darkens]
Hello?
[water splashes in distance]
Ah! Hey!
Hey.
[man] You made it!
It's me. from the gas station.
[Sasha] Yeah. I remember.
I'm Ben.
Sasha. Ben. Nice to meet you.
[Ben] Hi. Sasha.
Hey. Blackstone Bay.
What'd I tell you?
Dumps you right in the brown.
- Mm-hm. Yeah.
- [Ben] You having fun?
Yeah. the runs are great. I just. um…
Something got into my gear last night
and took everything. My phone. my food.
Oh. bloody hell. That's no good.
Your mobile phone bill's
gonna be through the roof.
Yeah. it's the wombats.
They're texting all the time.
They text constantly.
Yeah. that's a little wombat paw
working the key.
in case you hadn't noticed.
[both laughing]
Seriously. though. I'm sorry.
It's a drastic bummer.
I thought I hung it up high enough.
but guess not.
No such thing out here. I'm sorry to say.
Good news is I always pack
twice what I need.
- I'm more than happy to suit you up.
- Really?
Yeah. of course.
That's what you gotta do out here.
You gotta share.
No other way we all stay alive.
Thanks. Ben. That's really great.
You hungry?
- Just kinda looking for that gear.
- Sit down.
- Let me get you some fish.
- I would really--
Please. I insist. Sit down.
- Okay.
- Yeah. just there. Take a seat.
Eat some food. get the gear. and then go.
[grunts]
[Ben] Yeah. here we go.
So you make beef jerky?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. I make that myself.
Cut it.
Dry it.
Hang it away from the flies
for a few weeks.
Good protein.
It's not bad. I had some last night.
It's actually really good.
- You tried Jenno's?
- Mm-hm.
Why "Jenno's." by the way?
It was my mum's name.
Named it after her.
You named beef jerky after your mom?
Yeah.
Well. she must be really flattered.
[laughing]
Water. Want something to drink?
Ever seen this before?
It's water siphoned from a tree.
Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry.
I forgot to pack my roofies. [snickers]
Come on. you gotta hydrate.
Yeah. got to hydrate.
Oh yeah.
That usually impresses people.
Yeah. it's impressive.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay. so…
Spend a lot of time out here?
Oh yeah.
Yeah. I practically live out here.
It's like I'm in pain if I don't get out
on the river once or twice a week.
It's almost physical. you know?
That need.
Where in Australia are you from?
Technically. not from Australia.
No. I come from somewhere
far less appealing.
My mum brought me out here
when I was a kid.
Let me guess. Britain?
- Fuck off. I guessed?
- Yeah. you guessed right.
Uh. how long you been kayaking for?
Mm?
Oh. just a while.
I do a little bit of everything.
Ah!
But mostly mountains. right?
So. I already know about you.
Yeah. you know.
the danger makes you feel alive.
Gotta be in the moment. or you may die.
Perfection's the only option.
All that bullshit
they tell people like us.
Personally. I think
your wiring's just messed up.
You can fight your way
through a lot of shit.
but you can't beat your wiring.
Ain't no mountain high enough. right?
Here you go.
I'm done with mountains.
[Ben] That's interesting.
Let me guess.
You broke up.
and your boyfriend got the mountains.
and you got the rivers.
Am I right?
Oh shit.
- I didn't mean to pry. Sasha. I'm so…
- No. it's fine.
[Ben] I was just trying to be funny. I…
That's the cost
of spending so much time alone.
You completely lose the ability
to function in polite society.
I know what that feels like.
That's why I'm out here.
[Ben grunts]
Don't have to playact like a human being.
[laughs] Yeah. Yeah. there's enough noise
in the world. right?
Speaking of noise.
you know who showed up
at my campsite the other night?
Those hunters from the gas station.
They were definitely messing with me.
Yeah. that's a little concerning.
[Sasha] I know.
[Ben] Assholes.
It's fine.
[Ben] You know.
most hunters aren't like that.
The good ones respect the wilderness.
and we make use of what we kill.
It's not about having an excuse
to drink with your buddies.
It's more reverent than that.
- [Sasha] Yeah. they weren't reverent.
- [Ben] No.
They were trying to scare me.
[Ben] Yeah. no. it sounds that way.
You handled them perfectly. though.
What?
You had grit and poise.
Amazing. You didn't give them an inch.
but you didn't give them
an excuse to hurt you either.
I'm… I'm sorry. what are you saying?
[Ben] At the campsite.
No. I was there.
I thought maybe you could use a hand.
A woman alone and all.
Not the case. though. clearly.
[laughing]
Nah. you're special. Sasha.
Just like my mum.
I could sense it the moment we met.
[sinister music playing]
You're not gonna finish your brekkie?
- Would you like me to wrap it up?
- [Sasha] That's okay.
I'm just gonna get out of here.
Hey. Sasha. what?
Right.
Yeah. this.
I just fancied it.
You want it back?
No? Okay.
I should go. Ben. It's time.
[Ben] Don't forget your bag.
[sinister music intensifies]
[stereo beeps]
["Go" by The Chemical Brothers
playing on speaker]
So. I've restocked
your provisions and supplies.
I've kept your phone. but I threw in
a few extras to level the playing field.
You got the right shoes on?
You'll be fine.
So look. it's very simple.
You've got until the very end of this song
to get as far away from me as you can.
Okay?
[Sasha breathing shakily]
[Ben] What's the matter?
I thought you liked danger.
♪ Everything gettin' harder to find ♪
♪ Everybody jumpin' out of they mind ♪
♪ Everybody goin' out of they skins ♪
♪ See we get to the end ♪
♪ But that's where we begin
You feel it … ♪
[screeches menacingly]
♪ Breakin' out and we breakin' the codes ♪
♪ Similar to the Jacques Cousteau ♪
♪ To the depths and you're wet
So your tank explodes. so get it out ♪
♪ Send your body to flight ♪
♪ Everybody got a target tonight… ♪
[song fades]
♪ All you studs and you duds
And you ladies. let's fly ♪
♪ Grip the moment… ♪
[song continues in the distance]
[Sasha panting]
[grunts]
[song continues loudly]
♪ No time to rest ♪
[song continues faintly]
♪ What you hear is not a test ♪
[softly] Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
[song continues faintly]
♪ Go! ♪
[song ends]
[ominous music builds]
[intense music playing]
[exclaims fearfully]
[grunting]
[Sasha exclaims. grunts]
[muffled groaning]
[gasps]
[Sasha coughs]
[coughs]
[retches. coughs]
[insects chirping]
[water splashes]
[bleak music playing]
[woman] Yeah. I reckon it was.
[kid 1] I mean. it could've been.
[man] Let's stay focused on the job.
Look at the birds. up there. Check it out.
[kids exclaim]
Hello?
[woman] Hey. I actually reckon
you two are picking this up really well.
Hello?
[kid 1] Go by Dad's cookbook.
[man] I'm gonna knock it out of the park.
- [woman] Oh yeah?
- [kid 2] Yeah. with rancid fish?
[man] You just wait.
I happen to be quite a bush craftsman.
Are you going to catch a platypus?
- [woman] Yeah.
- [kid 2] Yeah.
[man] How cool is this?
[woman] I know.
Look at those beautiful trees.
- [kid 1] Trees. my eye.
- [Ben on video] Hey. Carters.
[Carters] Hi. Ben!
Hey! [laughing]
- [arrow whistles]
- [tree bark clattering]
[Sasha panting]
[foreboding music playing]
[music intensifies]
- [arrow whistles]
- [Sasha gasps]
Fuck. Fuck.
[screams]
[trills. yips]
[panting]
- [arrow whistles]
- [Sasha yells]
[Sasha screaming]
[yells. grunts]
[yelling. screams]
[dark music playing]
[gasping]
[inhales sharply]
[gasps. grunts]
[music turns somber]
- [birds chirping]
- [creatures calling]
[exhales]
[driving. percussive music plays]
[music pulsates intensely]
[Sasha panting]
[music turns eerie]
[grunts]
[somber music plays]
[music fades]
[panting softly]
[exhales sharply]
- [Ben screeches]
- [wings flapping]
[birds calling urgently]
[tense music plays]
[tense. dramatic music plays]
[exclaims]
[low growling]
[screeches like raptor]
[tense. dramatic music continues]
[Ben hoots]
[faint rustle]
[footsteps depart]
[music fades]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
["Nasty Boy" by Trabant playing distantly]
♪ I'm a nasty little boy ♪
♪ I'm a little useless ♪
- ♪ I'm a useless little toy ♪
- [Ben whoops]
♪ I'm a little useless
I'm a useless little toy ♪
♪ Ow! ♪
[song grows louder]
[Ben cackles]
♪ You're a little crazy ♪
♪ You're a crazy little sexy girl ♪
- ♪ You're a little crazy ♪
- [Ben whoops]
♪ You're a crazy little sexy girl ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy ♪
[music distorts]
[music continues normally]
♪ I'm a little filthy ♪
♪ I'm a filthy little dog ♪
♪ I'm a filthy little horny dog ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy… ♪
[Sasha groans]
♪ …your nasty. nasty. nasty little boy ♪
♪ I'm your nasty… ♪
[wood cracks]
[screams]
[Sasha yells]
♪ N-n-n-nasty boy ♪
[song fades]
[trap creaks]
[groaning]
[Ben yips. cackles]
[Ben growls]
[Sasha moaning]
- [Ben yells]
- [bear spray spraying]
[Ben shouting]
[menacing music plays]
- [Ben exclaims]
- [Sasha whimpers]
[coughs]
[Ben yells]
[Ben laughs maniacally]
[Ben grunts] Uh-uh-uh-uh!
[Ben laughs]
[Ben groaning]
Oh. you got me.
Toss the pepper spray.
[menacing music continues]
Okay.
Okay. yeah. Okay. let's get this off you.
On your tummy.
It's okay. It's gonna be okay.
Let's get this off you. Eyes forward.
[Sasha groans]
- [trap snaps shut]
- [Ben] Oh!
Okay.
Oh…
Are you playing a game?
Is that what you think we're doing?
You think we're playing a game. Ben?
[Ben] It's not a game.
It's a ritual.
[foreboding music playing]
- [rope creaking]
- [Sasha grunting]
[music continues]
[Ben] Hey! Hey. hey. don't.
[music fades]
You don't like being tied up?
There's something
seriously wrong with you.
[Sasha sighs]
Now. come on. I gave you a choice.
"You want the easy way or the hard way?"
What did you choose? [ grunts]
[Sasha groans softly] Mm.
Let me know
when you reach your pain threshold.
[Sasha groans]
Don't disappoint me. Sasha.
- [menacing music builds]
- [Sasha breathing deeply]
[dark music playing]
Rituals are very important.
They ground us.
They remind us of who we are.
Did you know there are tribes
that file down their own teeth
to sharp points?
Hm?
Enduring pain is a part
of growing up. Sasha.
It's a rite of passage.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
Where are we going. Ben?
I'll tell you later.
You don't want to explain
the rules to me this time?
I got your name from the ranger's register
and did a bit of a search.
So the Troll Wall…
I guess you don't wanna talk about that.
It was just an unfortunate accident.
Yeah. but I read online
that he was really experienced.
He made some gnarly summits.
Doesn't really make sense.
Things can always happen.
[Ben] Yeah. I guess
nobody gets it right every time.
I think it's the mental challenge
you gotta be ready for.
You gotta be mentally prepared.
That's it. I think you're right. Ben.
- [Ben] Yeah.
- [Sasha] I absolutely agree with you.
It's all in your mind. right?
- Yeah. it's all in the mind. right?
- Yeah.
What about the funeral.
Was it hot or cold?
He was cremated.
So did you come here to scatter his ashes?
You're bringing the Aussie home.
He was from around here. right?
[tense music plays]
- [Sasha yells]
- [Ben laughs]
Okay. [laughing]
Uh-uh-uh! Stay there. Stay there.
[gasps sharply]
[grunts. whoops exuberantly]
[Sasha gasps]
[tense music continues]
[inhales sharply]
[music slows]
[muffled groaning]
[gasping]
[panting]
[music fades]
[birdsong]
Why?
So you can get down there.
[Ben taps harness] Put it on.
[ominous music playing]
- [water dripping]
- [harness creaking]
[unsettling music playing]
[Sasha gags. groans]
[ominous sting]
[Sasha gasps]
There are native tribes that say
to capture the spirit of your prey.
you have to consume its liver.
The trick is finding a spirit
worth capturing. I suppose.
You remember the Carters from the video?
They didn't put up much of a fight.
Not like you.
I try to take as much care
and attention as possible.
At the end of the day.
they're all human beings.
And it's important
to make use of the kill.
Every part of it.
Nothing goes to waste.
[Sasha breathing sharply]
[Ben] It's more reverent that way.
Am I right?
Oh my! [groans]
- Oh my God. No!
- You must be exhausted from the journey.
- No. no. no! [whimpering]
- [Ben] Why don't you take a rest?
Come on. yeah. it's okay.
- [Sasha] No!
- Come on. come to my bedroom.
Yeah.
[Sasha groans]
[Ben. sighing] Oh!
[Sasha exclaims. breathing heavily]
Hey. can I ask you something?
[softly] You really think
I've got a problem?
[unsettling music playing]
I think…
I think people hurt you.
And they did bad things to you.
Uh…
And I'm so sorry
those things happened to you. Ben.
- I can't imagine what…
- [Ben sighs]
[Ben groans]
[breath trembles]
[chain rattles]
[Sasha] Please. stop.
[tense sting plays]
[breathing shakily]
Ben?
[Ben screeches]
- [ominous music playing]
- Oh. no!
- No! No!
- [Ben snarling]
[both grunting]
Do you know what this is?
Hm?
This is my homemade salt brine.
[liquid sloshes]
It's a perfect tenderizer.
It's a very important part of the process.
The photo next to your bed?
Is that your mom?
She looks just like you.
Yeah.
[Sasha breathing heavily]
[softly] Do you know
what she used to say to me?
"Jenno loves Benno."
"And Benno loves Jenno."
- [Sasha laughs awkwardly]
- Yeah.
She was special.
She was the first one.
Do you understand?
Now she's always with me.
I'm gonna keep you with me too.
[Sasha] You're a sick fuck.
[Ben screams]
- [Ben grunts]
- [Sasha screams]
- [fabric rips]
- [Ben grunting]
[Sasha grunts]
[Ben] Sasha!
[Sasha yells]
[frenetic music playing]
[Sasha screams]
[gasping desperately]
[yells]
[Ben yells]
[terrifying music playing]
[Ben] Sasha!
Sasha!
[gasps]
[Sasha screams]
[cable creaks]
[muffled groan]
[muffled groaning]
[muffled screams]
[gasps. panting heavily]
[tense music playing]
[Sasha grunts]
[groans softly]
[strained grunt]
[Sasha screams]
[gasps]
Fuck.
[coughs]
[Sasha yelling]
[Sasha yells]
[tense music continues]
[both grunting desperately]
[Sasha yells]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[grunting animalistically]
[low growling]
[breathing deeply]
[gasps]
[coughs]
It's okay.
[Ben groans]
- [Sasha grunts]
- [Ben screams]
[bone cracks]
[Sasha screams]
[Ben screams]
[whimpers]
[Ben groans loudly]
- [Ben whimpering]
- [uneasy music playing]
[pained grunting]
[screams] You've broken my leg!
[sobbing]
[Ben screams]
[Ben continues sobbing]
[Sasha grunts. exhales]
[Ben sobbing]
- [eerie music playing]
- [Ben wailing]
[mosquito buzzing]
[Sasha laughs dryly]
People come here on vacation.
[laughs]
You must have one hell of a dentist.
Or did you eat him too?
[buzzing stops]
[thunder rumbles]
You ever get depressed in the dark?
Feel like you misjudged things?
Feel guilty?
When he fell…
he was dragging
both of us off the mountain.
[solemn music plays]
[softly] I had to let him go.
I'll never know if he was still alive.
I was only there because he was there.
And he didn't want to be there anymore.
[laughs dryly]
I didn't listen.
I just kept pushing.
[solemn music continues]
[flies buzzing]
What's back there. Ben?
[Ben] About 12 days of walking.
[Sasha] You'll never survive it.
Yeah. and whose fault is that?
I have to get
to the top of that wall today.
We either get up there today…
or I wait for you to die.
And you will. From an infection.
You can't climb it without me.
Maybe.
Maybe you're right. It is a tandem climb.
Let's do it.
Come on. Okay?
Let's do it together.
It's okay.
I'm gonna tell you how to tie a knot
with some of that rope
to make a booster for your good leg.
And we'll build you a harness.
A diaper harness.
It's the only way to get you up there.
I've already got a harness.
If I'm gonna lead this climb.
I can only do it with that harness.
You can't do it. Ben.
[sighs in distress]
Take these off so I can help you.
Do it over by the wall. okay?
[Ben groans]
Fuck.
It needs to be tight.
Tighter.
Come here.
Just so you know.
when you get us to the top.
I'll set you free.
But if you try to drop me.
then I will rip you off that wall.
[tense music playing]
Don't you dare touch this harness.
[tense music continues]
[birds cawing]
[grunts]
[screams]
[groans]
[exhales]
[grunts]
- [Ben] Hey!
- [Sasha screams]
- Fucking idiot!
- I told you not to touch the harness!
[Ben yells in pain]
- I was just resetting it.
- Not the fucking leg!
[Sasha grunts]
[tense music continues]
Hey. can I ask you something?
When Tommy fell.
did it look like he was flying?
[groans]
Yeah! Come on!
[Sasha grunting. panting]
Nice. Nice work.
[whoops]
Yeah!
We make a good team. don't we. eh?
You know what I mean?
[bird screeches]
[tense music continues]
Hey. Sasha?
[Sasha] All right. You're good.
[creaks]
[groans]
Hey. what've you done?
- Sasha!
- Ow!
You promised me we'd do it together!
[yells furiously]
No!
[both yelling]
[Ben] Don't do it!
[Sasha whimpering]
- [Ben roars]
- [Sasha crying out]
Sasha! [roars]
[panting]
[screams]
[gasps]
[exhales]
- [solemn music plays]
- [birds cawing]
[heartbeat thumping]
[heartbeat fades]
[wind whistling]
[Sasha breathing heavily]
[somber music plays]
[softly] Okay.
[groans]
[groans. blows air]
[exhales deeply]
[music intensifies]
[groaning softly]
[screams]
[yelling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[yells]
[groans] Fuck!
[panting]
Okay.
[dramatic music plays]
[sighs]
[groans]
[breathes deeply]
[grunts forcefully]
Okay. [groans]
[grunts]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[moans]
[panting]
[laughs]
[birds chirping]
[grunts. exhales]
[sobs softly]
[water splashing]
[night chirping]
[slow. dramatic music plays]
- [door closes]
- [woman] Are you lost?
Do you need water or anything? Or…?
Could you please take me
to my car at Blackstone Bay?
[woman] Yeah. of course.
[door closes]
[somber music playing]
[ranger] Do you need help?
Are you okay?
I know where they are.
All of them.
[somber music intensifies]
[reporter] Authorities have confirmed
that at least 20 bodies
have been recovered
from a cave
deep in Wandarra National Park.
The discovery was made
after a woman escaped the forest
and alerted rangers.
Authorities are still working
to identify all the victims.
The families of those missing
may finally find some closure.
A mysterious string
of disappearances in the area
that were blamed
on the rugged landscape and local wildlife
is now believed to have been
the responsibility of a single man.
[music fades]
[melancholy music playing]
[bird screeches]
[wings flapping]
[melancholy music continues]
[music fades]
["Nasty Boy" by Trabant playing]
♪ You're a little crazy
You're a crazy little sexy girl ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy ♪
♪ Wanna be your nasty. nasty. nasty
Nasty little boy ♪
♪ Your nasty boy ♪
♪ I'm a little filthy
I'm a filthy little dog ♪
I'm a filthy little horny dog ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy ♪
♪ Wanna be your toy ♪
♪ Your nasty. nasty. nasty little boy ♪
♪ Your nasty boy ♪
♪ Na-na-na. your nasty boy ♪
♪ Na-na. your nasty boy ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy ♪
♪ Wanna be your toy ♪
♪ I can turn you on all night long ♪
♪ I can turn you on
Wanna be your boy ♪
♪ Wanna be your toy ♪
♪ Your nasty. nasty. nasty boy ♪
♪ Da-da-da-da. nasty boy ♪
♪ La-la-la. nasty boy ♪
♪ Da-da-da-da. give me the holocaust ♪
♪ Your nasty boy ♪
♪ Your… your… your nasty boy ♪
♪ Your la-la-la useless toy ♪
[song ends]
[tense music plays]
[music turns ethereal]
[dramatic music plays]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm